Add `no-error-ctor-with-notthrows` rule (#240)
avajs/eslint-plugin-ava: docs/rules/no-typeerror-with-notthrows.md

# Prevent specifying error type in `t.notThrows()`

> AVA will fail if error type is specified with `t.notThrows()`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AVA will fail if error constructor is specified in the second argument of `t.notThrows()`.
```
